fix: Report a warning on manifest_version 3 extensions targeting Firefox for Android (#5105)
mozilla/addons-linter: docs/rules.md

| `APPLICATIONS_INVALID`                                  | error    | The `applications` property is no longer accepted in Manifest Version 3 and above.                                                                                                 |
| `VERSION_FORMAT_DEPRECATED`                             | warning  | The version string should be simplified.                                                                                                                                           |
| `VERSION_FORMAT_INVALID`                                | error    | The version string is not valid because its format is too complex.                                                                                                                 |

> | `MANIFEST_V3_FIREFOX_ANDROID_LIMITATIONS`               | warning  | The extension is marked compatible with a Firefox for Android version with a limited Manifest Version 3 support                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MANIFEST_V3_FIREFOX_ANDROID_LIMITATIONS`               | warning  | The extension is marked as compatible with a Firefox for Android version that doesn't fully support Manifest Version 3                                                                    |
```

maybe?

Author: :+1:  looks like it reads better, updated
